\PassOptionsToPackage{unicode=true}{hyperref} % options for packages loaded elsewhere
\PassOptionsToPackage{hyphens}{url}
%
\documentclass[]{article}
\usepackage{lmodern}
\usepackage{amssymb,amsmath}
\usepackage{ifxetex,ifluatex}
\usepackage{fixltx2e} % provides \textsubscript
\ifnum 0\ifxetex 1\fi\ifluatex 1\fi=0 % if pdftex
  \usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
  \usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
  \usepackage{textcomp} % provides euro and other symbols
\else % if luatex or xelatex
  \usepackage{unicode-math}
  \defaultfontfeatures{Ligatures=TeX,Scale=MatchLowercase}
\fi
% use upquote if available, for straight quotes in verbatim environments
\IfFileExists{upquote.sty}{\usepackage{upquote}}{}
% use microtype if available
\IfFileExists{microtype.sty}{%
\usepackage[]{microtype}
\UseMicrotypeSet[protrusion]{basicmath} % disable protrusion for tt fonts
}{}
\IfFileExists{parskip.sty}{%
\usepackage{parskip}
}{% else
\setlength{\parindent}{0pt}
\setlength{\parskip}{6pt plus 2pt minus 1pt}
}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\hypersetup{
            pdfborder={0 0 0},
            breaklinks=true}
\urlstyle{same}  % don't use monospace font for urls
\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em}  % prevent overfull lines
\providecommand{\tightlist}{%
  \setlength{\itemsep}{0pt}\setlength{\parskip}{0pt}}
\setcounter{secnumdepth}{0}
% Redefines (sub)paragraphs to behave more like sections
\ifx\paragraph\undefined\else
\let\oldparagraph\paragraph
\renewcommand{\paragraph}[1]{\oldparagraph{#1}\mbox{}}
\fi
\ifx\subparagraph\undefined\else
\let\oldsubparagraph\subparagraph
\renewcommand{\subparagraph}[1]{\oldsubparagraph{#1}\mbox{}}
\fi

% set default figure placement to htbp
\makeatletter
\def\fps@figure{htbp}
\makeatother

\usepackage[]{natbib}
\bibliographystyle{plainnat}

\date{}

\begin{document}

Results included in this manuscript come from preprocessing performed
using \emph{fMRIPrep} 1.4.1 (\citet{fmriprep1}; \citet{fmriprep2};
RRID:SCR\_016216), which is based on \emph{Nipype} 1.2.0
(\citet{nipype1}; \citet{nipype2}; RRID:SCR\_002502).

\begin{description}
\item[Anatomical data preprocessing]
The T1-weighted (T1w) image was corrected for intensity non-uniformity
(INU) with \texttt{N4BiasFieldCorrection} \citep{n4}, distributed with
ANTs 2.2.0 \citep[RRID:SCR\_004757]{ants}, and used as T1w-reference
throughout the workflow. The T1w-reference was then skull-stripped with
a \emph{Nipype} implementation of the \texttt{antsBrainExtraction.sh}
workflow (from ANTs), using OASIS30ANTs as target template. Brain tissue
segmentation of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF), white-matter (WM) and
gray-matter (GM) was performed on the brain-extracted T1w using
\texttt{fast} \citep[FSL 5.0.9, RRID:SCR\_002823,][]{fsl_fast}. Brain
surfaces were reconstructed using \texttt{recon-all} \citep[FreeSurfer
6.0.1, RRID:SCR\_001847,][]{fs_reconall}, and the brain mask estimated
previously was refined with a custom variation of the method to
reconcile ANTs-derived and FreeSurfer-derived segmentations of the
cortical gray-matter of Mindboggle
\citep[RRID:SCR\_002438,][]{mindboggle}. Volume-based spatial
normalization to one standard space (MNI152NLin2009cAsym) was performed
through nonlinear registration with \texttt{antsRegistration} (ANTs
2.2.0), using brain-extracted versions of both T1w reference and the T1w
template. The following template was selected for spatial normalization:
\emph{ICBM 152 Nonlinear Asymmetrical template version 2009c}
{[}\citet{mni152nlin2009casym}, RRID:SCR\_008796; TemplateFlow ID:
MNI152NLin2009cAsym{]}.
\item[Functional data preprocessing]
For each of the 2 BOLD runs found per subject (across all tasks and
sessions), the following preprocessing was performed. First, a reference
volume and its skull-stripped version were generated using a custom
methodology of \emph{fMRIPrep}. A deformation field to correct for
susceptibility distortions was estimated based on \emph{fMRIPrep}'s
\emph{fieldmap-less} approach. The deformation field is that resulting
from co-registering the BOLD reference to the same-subject T1w-reference
with its intensity inverted \citep{fieldmapless1, fieldmapless2}.
Registration is performed with \texttt{antsRegistration} (ANTs 2.2.0),
and the process regularized by constraining deformation to be nonzero
only along the phase-encoding direction, and modulated with an average
fieldmap template \citep{fieldmapless3}. Based on the estimated
susceptibility distortion, an unwarped BOLD reference was calculated for
a more accurate co-registration with the anatomical reference. The BOLD
reference was then co-registered to the T1w reference using
\texttt{bbregister} (FreeSurfer) which implements boundary-based
registration \citep{bbr}. Co-registration was configured with nine
degrees of freedom to account for distortions remaining in the BOLD
reference. Head-motion parameters with respect to the BOLD reference
(transformation matrices, and six corresponding rotation and translation
parameters) are estimated before any spatiotemporal filtering using
\texttt{mcflirt} \citep[FSL 5.0.9,][]{mcflirt}. BOLD runs were
slice-time corrected using \texttt{3dTshift} from AFNI 20160207
\citep[RRID:SCR\_005927]{afni}. The BOLD time-series, were resampled to
surfaces on the following spaces: \emph{fsaverage5}. The BOLD
time-series (including slice-timing correction when applied) were
resampled onto their original, native space by applying a single,
composite transform to correct for head-motion and susceptibility
distortions. These resampled BOLD time-series will be referred to as
\emph{preprocessed BOLD in original space}, or just \emph{preprocessed
BOLD}. The BOLD time-series were resampled into standard space,
generating a \emph{preprocessed BOLD run in {[}`MNI152NLin2009cAsym'{]}
space}. First, a reference volume and its skull-stripped version were
generated using a custom methodology of \emph{fMRIPrep}. Several
confounding time-series were calculated based on the \emph{preprocessed
BOLD}: framewise displacement (FD), DVARS and three region-wise global
signals. FD and DVARS are calculated for each functional run, both using
their implementations in \emph{Nipype} \citep[following the definitions
by][]{power_fd_dvars}. The three global signals are extracted within the
CSF, the WM, and the whole-brain masks. Additionally, a set of
physiological regressors were extracted to allow for component-based
noise correction \citep[\emph{CompCor},][]{compcor}. Principal
components are estimated after high-pass filtering the
\emph{preprocessed BOLD} time-series (using a discrete cosine filter
with 128s cut-off) for the two \emph{CompCor} variants: temporal
(tCompCor) and anatomical (aCompCor). tCompCor components are then
calculated from the top 5\% variable voxels within a mask covering the
subcortical regions. This subcortical mask is obtained by heavily
eroding the brain mask, which ensures it does not include cortical GM
regions. For aCompCor, components are calculated within the intersection
of the aforementioned mask and the union of CSF and WM masks calculated
in T1w space, after their projection to the native space of each
functional run (using the inverse BOLD-to-T1w transformation).
Components are also calculated separately within the WM and CSF masks.
For each CompCor decomposition, the \emph{k} components with the largest
singular values are retained, such that the retained components' time
series are sufficient to explain 50 percent of variance across the
nuisance mask (CSF, WM, combined, or temporal). The remaining components
are dropped from consideration. The head-motion estimates calculated in
the correction step were also placed within the corresponding confounds
file. The confound time series derived from head motion estimates and
global signals were expanded with the inclusion of temporal derivatives
and quadratic terms for each \citep{confounds_satterthwaite_2013}.
Frames that exceeded a threshold of 0.5 mm FD or 1.5 standardised DVARS
were annotated as motion outliers. All resamplings can be performed with
\emph{a single interpolation step} by composing all the pertinent
transformations (i.e.~head-motion transform matrices, susceptibility
distortion correction when available, and co-registrations to anatomical
and output spaces). Gridded (volumetric) resamplings were performed
using \texttt{antsApplyTransforms} (ANTs), configured with Lanczos
interpolation to minimize the smoothing effects of other kernels
\citep{lanczos}. Non-gridded (surface) resamplings were performed using
\texttt{mri\_vol2surf} (FreeSurfer).
\end{description}

Many internal operations of \emph{fMRIPrep} use \emph{Nilearn} 0.5.2
\citep[RRID:SCR\_001362]{nilearn}, mostly within the functional
processing workflow. For more details of the pipeline, see
\href{https://fmriprep.readthedocs.io/en/latest/workflows.html}{the
section corresponding to workflows in \emph{fMRIPrep}'s documentation}.

\hypertarget{references}{%
\subsubsection{References}\label{references}}

\bibliography{/usr/local/miniconda/lib/python3.7/site-packages/fmriprep/data/boilerplate.bib}

\end{document}
